Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. No doubt, no doubt, no doubt.
Love, it sustains you. It’s like oatmeal.
You’re under arrest for ruining something perfect!
A place where everybody knows your name is hell. You’re describing hell.
I’m fine at parties, I just stand in the middle of the room and don’t say anything.
I am way too sleep-deprived to deal with your negativity right now.
I know! A comprehensive set of rules.
I’m gonna go cry in the bathroom, peace out homies.
Why do the worst things always happen to the best people?
I asked them if they wanted to embarrass you, and they instantly said yes.
What is the bandwidth on the Wi-Fi here? We have much content to stream.
Anyone over the age of six celebrating a birthday should go to hell.
Fine, but in protest, I’m walking over there extremely slowly!
OK, no hard feelings, but I hate you. Not joking. Bye.
Well, no one asked you. It’s a self-evaluation.
Every time someone steps up and says who they are, the world becomes a better, more interesting place.
Sarge, with all due respect, I am gonna completely ignore everything you just said.
But my point is this, I don’t care what time it is. I’m always happy to be here. Nine-Nine! Nine-Niiine! A-Noine-Noine! I’m gonna keep doing it until you guys chime in. A-Noine-Noine!
Aw, man. All the orange soda spilled out of my cereal.
I wasn’t hurt that badly. The doctor said all my bleeding was internal. That’s where the blood’s supposed to be.
I appealed to their sense of teamwork and camaraderie with a rousing speech that would put Shakespeare to shame.
I don’t know what’s gonna happen on this assignment, and if something bad goes down, I think I’d be pissed at myself if I didn’t say this. I kinda wish something could happen, between us, romantic styles.
This whole place reeks of bacon. Well guess what? I’m going kosher. Cause Jakey don’t dig on swine!
Move over, Peralta! Move over! Okay. And if I may do a third toast, it’ll be focused primarily on the mango yogurt.
I’m playing Kwazy Cupcakes, I’m hydrated as hell, and I’m listening to Sheryl Crow. I’ve got my own party going on.
You don’t care who you piss off, do you?
I asked them if they wanted to embarrass you, and they instantly said yes.
Don't make a bad meme in five minutes just to get karma on your cake day.
Hello unsolved case. Do you bring me joy? No, because you're boring and you're too hard. See ya.
I ate one string bean. It tasted like fish vomit. That was it for me.
Leave me a voice mail. I won't check it because it's not 1993.
Cashew? It was an almond, you idiot!
Jake, piece of advice, just give up.
Yas Queen.
I take it back Jake, great prank.
Fun? I was never fun. You take that back.
My Nana always said, Bad news first because the good news is probably a lie. Fun fact, she made me cry a lot.
You shut up. You've done nothing but lie since you got here.
I have to say. I feel like you deserve this.
Be myself, what kind of garbage advice is that?
Nothing is made to be broken.
When was the last time you had a carrot?
Oh! You mean your body water! That's much worse.
Every time you talk, I hear the sound that plays when Pacman dies.
I wonder why people don't just break into song more often.
Yippe kayak, other buckets!
Go home, do all your homework or I will end you.
It's a game and I'm winning.
Cowabunga, mother!
These pits are bone dry. The drunk sings!
The only thing I'm not good at is modesty. Because I'm great at it.
Why is no one having a good time? I specifically requested it.
Everything is garbage. Never love anything.
Well, frankly, I pity the lot of you. You look out there and see a problem, I look out there and see an opportunity.
Wait, was that a Harry Potter reference?
We're gonna take each other's names!
Point is, haters gonna hate. Shake it off.
Molly. She was my poodle growing up. You never forget your first.
Don't give candy to a baby! They can't brush their teeth.
You can close yourself off all you want, the Universe will find a way.
You don't outgrow punk, sir.
Bing pot!